---
layout: post
title: This is my first test
---

{{ page.title }}
================

<p class="meta">18 Mar 2015 - Rajkot City</p>

I am Mohit and i am god okey?

Since the early days of GitHub, I've wanted to create a different kind of
business. One that was [Optimized for
Happiness](http://tom.preston-werner.com/2010/10/18/optimize-for-happiness.html)
and built atop a [Framework of
Happiness](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i0FzgvYxdvk). One where great people
could work on hard problems together to create unbelievably good products. I
believe I was able to achieve a great deal of success with that model at GitHub,
even if things didn't always go perfectly according to plan. All of this has
been a tremendous learning experience for me.

Last January I stepped down as CEO and handed that role over to cofounder Chris
Wanstrath so I could focus on future-facing R&D projects with small teams. This
kind of rapid, team-based innovation is what I live for. During my time away
from GitHub I started experimenting with Go, OpenGL, and Unity with an eye
towards the software side of immersive computing. It felt really good to get
back into a code editor and challenge the deeply logical and analytical part of
my brain. I've enjoyed the challenges of learning how to lead a company with
hundreds of people, but it's very hard for me to deny the allure of coding a
system that could once again change the course of history.

I'm telling you this because I think stealth mode is bullshit and if you feel
the same way I do about immersive computing then I want to talk with you about
it. For the next few months I'm going to be living in Manhattan. My wife,
Theresa, is currently participating in Techstars NYC as their very first
nonprofit. Her startup, [The Omakase Charity](https://omakasecharity.org/),
helps donors learn about and support nonprofits that are changing the world with
technology. She's one of the strongest and most thoughtful women I know, and I'm
hoping to help her succeed with her mission while I'm here.

Thank you to everyone that reached out to me over the last month, including the
generous team at Andreessen Horowitz. Your support has made a huge difference
and I'm truly excited for what's next.
